SUBJECT: Detailed Summary of Race Starting Procedure Regulations - Compliance Required 

1. The pit lane will be opened 50 minutes before the race's formation lap. From this time-point, all cars are allowed for a reconnaissance lap. Repeated reconnaissance laps require a drive down the pit lane at a greatly reduced speed. Cars that do not complete the lap under their power won't be allowed to start the race from the grid. This period allows a maximum of 42 personnel on the grid for each competitor at Closed Events [44.1].

2. 42 minutes before the race's formation lap, there will be a signal warning that the pit lane will be closed in two minutes. Cars still in the pit lane after this can start from the end of the pit lane provided they got there under their own power and in the order of qualification [44.2].

3. Starting procedure countdown begins at ten minutes before the start of the formation lap, warnings will be made at ten, five, three, and one minute(s) marks and a fifteen-second mark. When the ten-minute signal is shown, all the non-tech staff must leave the grid [44.3].

4. Cars must have all wheels fitted, tyre blankets disconnected, and less team personnel on the grid when the five-minute signal's shown. A penalty will be imposed on violators [44.4] .

5. No more than 16 team personnel per competitor are permitted on the grid when the three-minute signal is given [44.5].

6. When the one-minute signal is shown, engis should be started, and all team personnel must leave the grid by fifteen second signal time. Failure to adhere will result in penalties or starting the race from the pit lane [44.6].

7. Formation lap commences when the green lights are illuminated with the pole position driver leading. Practice starts are forbidden and the formation must be kept as tight as possible [44.7, 44.8].

8. Overtaking during the formation lap is only permitted if a car is delayed and cannot avoid being passed without unduly delaying the field [44.9].

9. After the formation lap, cars must stop at their respective grid positions and keep engines running for a standing start. The race commences by extinguishing all red lights [44.10].

10. If a car is immobilised on the starting grid, the marshals will push it to the pit lane. Any driver being pushed must not attempt to start the car. Once in the pit lane, the car may be started by team personnel and, if successful, it may re-join the race [44.11].

11. During the race start, the pit wall must be kept free of all persons, excluding team personnel permitted under Article 26.12, fire marshals and officials [44.12].

Staying in compliance with all the rules in Articles 44.1 to 44.12 is mandatory to ensure smooth proceedings of the race and the team members are required to ensure strict adherence.

Your cooperation and strict adherence to these regulations are appreciated.
