So, imagine you're building a big LEGO set. You can't just dump all the pieces out and start building, right? You have to follow the instructions that come with it. That's what we do when we create these financial reports - we follow a special set of rules and instructions that are generally accepted in the United States, kind of like your LEGO instructions.

But, since this is an interim (or halfway through) report, we don't have to use every single piece of information we have. We only use what we need to give an accurate picture, like if you only needed to show someone part of your LEGO set to explain what it is. Our management team, who are like our LEGO masters, make sure that we've done everything correctly.

The information we're giving you now is for the last three and nine months, ending on June 30, 2018. But remember, just like a snapshot of your LEGO set halfway through building isn't going to show the finished product, this doesn't necessarily show what our full year might look like. We've also included some information from September 30, 2017, but again, it's not everything - it's just the important parts.

Sometimes, we have to guess a little about certain things. It's like if you lost the instructions to your LEGO set and have to guess where some pieces go based on what you've done before. We do the same with our money - we make educated guesses about things like how much money we'll make, how much we owe, and if we're going to have any big, unexpected costs. We base these guesses on what's happened in the past and what we think is reasonable. But remember, these are still guesses and the real results might be different.

Finally, these financial reports are like a chapter in a big book. To get the full story, you should read them with our other financial reports that were included in our big annual report. It's like if you only read one chapter of a book, you wouldn't understand the whole story. So if you want to understand our whole financial story, you need to read all the chapters together.